README.md, before:

# Portfolio: setup and mobile version skeleton

> This is the Microverse Portfolio: setup and mobile version skeleton project.


> This project includes the mobile version and the desktop version of the portfolio project using css grid and flexbox for responsiveness. Here is a preview of the Project UI

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/6055b96f2387199bac5fc5c809d5c61c0546cc35/images/UI-sreenshot.png)


## Built With

- Html
- css
- Linter


## Getting Started

- You can clone this repo by typing `git clone https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton` on your terminal.

- Type `cd Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton` to access the project on the terminal.

## Author
### **Suleiman Olaide**

- Github [@githubhandle](https://github.com/ceemos96)
- Twitter [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/ceemos_dev)
- LinkedIn [@LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suleiman-olaide-97689b154/)

# 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/issues).

# Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

# License
This project is [MIT Licensed](https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add link of the online version to readme

README.md, after:

# Portfolio: setup and mobile version skeleton

> This is the Microverse Portfolio: setup and mobile version skeleton project.


> This project includes the mobile version and the desktop version of the portfolio project using css grid and flexbox for responsiveness. Here is a preview of the Project UI

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/6055b96f2387199bac5fc5c809d5c61c0546cc35/images/UI-sreenshot.png)

## Live Demo

For a Live demo of the website visit this link [@livedemo](https://ceemos96.github.io/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/)

## Built With

- Html
- css
- Linter


## Getting Started

- You can clone this repo by typing `git clone https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton` on your terminal.

- Type `cd Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton` to access the project on the terminal.

## Author
### **Suleiman Olaide**

- Github [@githubhandle](https://github.com/ceemos96)
- Twitter [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/ceemos_dev)
- LinkedIn [@LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suleiman-olaide-97689b154/)

# 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/issues).

# Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

# License
This project is [MIT Licensed](https://github.com/Ceemos96/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/blob/main/LICENSE)
